Meeting 2-3-21 at 3:40 pm
Members in attendance: Maria, Kyle, Yikai

The meeting time with Gamboa has been set for Wednesdays at 5:00 pm. 

Updates:

Maria has been having some problems linking our Azure repo to GitHub. She is going to ask Gamboa if we can have
the project repo only on Azure with all of the documents on GitHub. Last week, she added some fields to the user profile.
The ASP.NET framework automatically makes user profiles, so (after discovering this), Maria just had to find the 
correct place in the code to add more user information. She also set up the GitHub repo with all of the anticipated files 
that will be needed for the semester and general outlines of the files. She also fixed a lot of the database design to 
correlate more with the data that the APIs return.


Kyle has been having some issues getting a key for the Eventful API. Yikai was able to get one last semester, so 
she put the information into Discord so that Kyle can use that key instead. Last week, Maria and Kyle met up to work
on the database design and make sure that everything is ready for loading the data from the API results into the database.
Kyle also looked into adding GoogleMaps to the project

Yikai and Brent were busy last week, so they didn't make much progress on their parts yet. They are planning on doing more 
work this week.


Design changes:
	-Maria is thinking about getting rid of the option to link a Google account to the site. Users will still
	have to enter a lot of other information about their interests even with an account, so linking with 
	Google won't really change the user's sign-up efficiency or time.

	-Kyle and Maria discussed the stored procedure for loading events into the database. Originally, we had
	planned on leaving an event in the database if it was already loaded. We have decided to change this so
	that the old version of the event will be deleted, and the new version will be added. The events will likely
	have identical information, but if the price, location, or other information has changed, it wouldn't be reflected
	if we just kept the original event information in the database.

	-Kyle and Maria also discussed having the stored procedure that loads the events slightly modified with regards
	to Categories and Genres. If the event has a Category or Genre that doesn't exist already, we should add it (within
	the stored procedure). Even if a category or genre isn't associated with any events, it should remain in the database.

	-Maria and Kyle added a Genre model to the database. This is similar to the Categories item. TicketMaster
	returns an event's genre and classification/category, so we want this reflected in our database. We think that
	users' interests will still only be categories (no genres).


Things to complete this week:
Maria - Figure out how to connect Azure and GitHub (project is in Azure but needs to be in GitHub too)
      - Finish adding attributes to the user
      - Look for a theme/ different html
      - Maybe create a general profile page

Yikai - Saving what the user searches for (get search bar implemented)

Kyle  - Connect with Eventful
      - Try to start loading a bit of data from TicketMaster (or work on the stored procedure for this)

Brent - Finish implement sending automatic emails
      - Finish setting up the Trello Board


Next meeting Wednesday at 3:40pm