PRODUCT_NAME - WE NEED A WEBSITE TITLE

Have you spent too long staring at a computer screen and day dreaming of a fun time? Are you looking to explore your fun side? Are you tired of having to go to twenty different websites to look for an event in your area? Well, blink those eyes and crack those knuckles because we have the site for you. We are going to develop a website that aggregates data on the events going on in your area! 

Our application will combine event data from numerous different sites online all into one place. The concept is similar to what Trivago does for hotels but with events instead. The user will be able to enter a location (city or zip code)  with some other selection criteria (type of event, ticketed or not, etc.); then, they will see a results page with information about all the events going on in that city from different websites. After the user gets the results, they may filter them more to focus on a specific price range, or more specific date range. Clicking a "Get more info" or "Purchase Tickets" link will take them to the specific website that is advertising the event. We are also considering connecting our page with GoogleMaps so that the user can click a link to easily get directions to the event.

QUESTION -> are we storing queries or waiting for queries before giving results?

In addition to the basic website, we are also planning on creating user profiles. If the user decides that they would like to create a profile, they sign in with an email address. Then, they are asked to pick their location along with their various interests from a list that we provide. Some possible interests include: music, food, film, sports/fitness, arts, and more. We will send our users an email with list of upcoming events in their area that fit within their interests once a week. Users can also save upcoming events that they are interested in on their profile.

To implement our website, we plan on using ASP.NET for both front-end and back-end. We will have a database for the profile information and another for the event information for each city. ASP.NET provides convient ways for us to take the results from the APIs, store them in the database, and easily retrive them for display.

The current places that we are considering getting event information from are: Eventbrite, Ticket Master, and Eventful. We will use these APIs to generate data for the events in a specific location including the price, date, time, and event category. We will have a database that contains the events in the top 100 most populated cities for the next month in the database. This will provide a very quick lookup time. If the user enters a date futher into the future or from a smaller city, we will do live API calls, so their results might take a little bit longer. The database will collect data for the top 100 cities each night and discard the info for past events. If a user has an event that has already happened in their list of saved event, that will also be cleared.
